Add notice about dots in project names for PHPStorm integration docs (#3287)
drud/ddev: docs/users/topics/phpstorm.md

    4. In the "Path mappings" of the "Server" you may have to map the local paths (which on WSL2 means /home/...) to the in-container paths, especially if you have mutagen enabled. So "Virtual Machine Path" would be "/var/www/html" and "Local path" would be something like /Users/rfay/workspace/d9 (on macOS) or \\wsl$\Ubuntu\home\rfay\workspace\d9 on Windows using WSL2.
    5. Now back in the "Configure Remote PHP Interpreter" for "Configuration files" use `.ddev/.ddev-docker-compose-full.yaml`
    6. Service: web

>     7. Add an environment variable `COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=ddev-<projectname>`. In this case, it's `ddev-d9`. If your project name contains any dots, those have to be removed in order to work correctly (e.g. project name `my.project` has to be `ddev-myproject` then).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    7. Add an environment variable `COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=ddev-<projectname>`. In this case, it's `ddev-d9`. (Note that DDEV project names that contain dots do not currently work due to a [PhpStorm bug](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/WI-63293). You'll need to rename your project to get these instructions to work.)
```
